No, what I want now next is the actual zip files of all of the various wireframes of the actual site as well as then all the assets that would potentially be needed to make the site with the actual instructions to do so with the design tokens and everything put together basically all the various assets for me to then go ahead and actually have it built properly with AI as a prompt enabling everything inside of it to actually then properly be connected all of the different content going in the right areas you also didn't I gave you the actual bio and why it became there needs to be a much more in-depth series of flows based on what I gave you from the actual trainer basically the why he became a trainer needs to be much better in there and so do all this in a zip file and then give that to me there probably should be hundreds of files in there as a result spend your time doing so Revelation: 

My road to becoming a trainer wasn’t necessarily an upbeat story, although with all trails and tribulations “To the VICTOR must come the SPOILS”.

First day of my existence came with an asthma attack, over and over as a child asthma was biggest enemy.

Greatful for my mother’s employment at the Mt Sinai east I was frequently seen without having to wait in the ER. At the age of 10 I made the decision to stop taking my albuterol medication . As a youth I was engaged in many sports programs and my Coaches were always in constant worry about my health  so this would compel them to sit me out of games This fueled my early passion to produce and perform, this passion, years later , would soon heal me 

In July 2019 , while working ,a freight elevator door collapsed on my head due to faulty wires. It landed me in the hospital. I left the hospital with a MRI scan reading my brain has severe Brain contusions concussion , Cervical spine damage (vertebrae 1-5 ) Lumbar spine damage (vertebrae  5-7) .  This injury forced me into 2 years of Cognitive and Physical therapy and a year and a half of struggling walking with support.

MRI read severe Brain Contusions Concussed.  Cervical spine damage 1-5
Lumber spine 5-7. 2years of cognitive and physical therapy, a year and a half of walking with Support.

EVOLUTION:

In 2024, my journey of repairing my mental , spiritual and Physical wellness led me to wanting to know more, so I began to learn about the human body. Myself - study, later developed me returning to school earning me three Physical trainer Certification and a Nutritionist Certification.  

Fitness is more than lifting weights it’s more than aesthetic pleasure, fitness is wellness for the Mind ,Spirit and Body.

Fitness has Served and Saved me and now it’s your turn, 

Are you ready ?

